Terms & Conditions

 Definitions 
Agar.io: is a product of Agario; 
Agar.io Game: means the online multiplayer game entitled Agar.io, as available on the Site and includes all related games, software, applications, products or services relating to the Agar.io Game;
Agario: is the owner of all intellectual property rights (“IPRs”) in the Site and Agar.io;
Intellectual Property: means all registered and unregistered (whether capable of registration or not) IPRs), including but not limited to copyright, design, goodwill, graphics, images, patents and trade marks;
Site: means the URL at www.agar.io 
We, our or us: means Agario; and 
You: means the actual or potential user of the Site and all current or future Agar.io games.  

Terms of use

These Terms and Conditions govern the content and your use of the Site and/or Agar.io Game and the resulting service that we may provide to you. 
Your use of the Site and/or the Agar.io Game (which includes viewing or accessing them in any way) signifies your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions detailed below and constitutes a legally binding acceptance of this agreement. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions you must not access or use our Site and/or the Agar.io Game and you should refrain from doing so unless you consent to these Terms and Conditions. 
A minor (being anyone under the age of 13) should seek consent from his or her legal guardian before using the Site and/or Agar.io Game.
Changes to terms
We reserve the right to modify, alter and update the content of these Terms and Conditions at any time – it is your responsibility to check these Terms and Conditions regularly so that you are aware of any such changes. Your continuing use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the changes. The current terms and conditions will be posted here: http://www.Agar.io/terms.txt.

Uploading content to the Site
Any content that you upload to the Site, including, but not limited to, skins for cells, will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You agree to transfer all ownership rights in any content you upload to us so that we can use, store, copy, distribute and make it available to users of the Site and third parties.
We reserve the right to remove any content that you upload to the Site, without notice to you, if we believe that it is not in accordance with these Terms and Conditions our User Rules and therefore unacceptable for display on the Site.y.   Changes to the Site 
We reserve the right to change or alter the content of the Site and/or the Agar.io Game at any time.  

Age restrictions
We do not target the Agar.io website or its services to users under 13 of age. We may place certain access restrictions in relation to users under 13 years of age. You agree that if you assist users under 13 years old to access the Agar.io website or services, with your computer, internet enabled device, internet connection and/or facilities (whether owned, leased or borrowed) that you will assume full responsibility and liability for any consequences and that UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WILL NEITHER AGARIO, ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT PROVIDER NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE BY USERS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 Links
We accept no responsibility for third party the links to or from the Site and/or Agar.io Game. The inclusion of these links does not mean that we endorse the material or content of the sites.  

User Rules
You must treat all users with respect and comply with all terms, conditions and policies connected to the Site from time to time.
Please respect other users of the Agar.io Game and/or Site. Inappropriate language and/or inappropriate behaviour are prohibited on the Site and/or Agar.io Game. Users may be banned or accounts suspended or terminated on the entire Site and/or Agar.io Game if users use inappropriate language or inappropriate behaviour as determined by us. We are not responsible for user content, postings, chat, and/or communications. Users are responsible for their own actions and all consequences that may arise therefrom.  You agree not to do any of the following:
1.	Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any data, text, message, skin(s) or computer file that we deem to be: (a) defamatory, abusive, harassing, insulting, threatening, or that could be deemed to be stalking; (b) bigoted, hateful, or racially offensive; (c) vulgar, obscene, or sexually explicit (language or images); or that (d) encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal activities with the intent to commit them;
2.	Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any data, text, message, skin(s), computer file, or other material that infringes and/or violates any right of a third party or any domestic or international law, rule, or regulation, including but not limited to: (a) copyright, patent, trademark, or other proprietary rights; (b) right of privacy (specifically, you must not distribute another person's personal information of any kind without their express permission) or publicity; (c) any confidentiality obligation;
3.	Advertise or sell any products, services or otherwise (whether or not for profit), or solicit others or use any skin for commercial purposes of any kind;
4.	Post, distribute, or otherwise make available or transmit any software or other computer files that contain a virus or other harmful component;
5.	Impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or entity;
6.	Engage in antisocial, disruptive, or destructive acts, including "flaming," "spamming," "flooding," "trolling," and "griefing" as those terms are commonly understood and used on the Internet;
7.	Create or use any server emulators;
8.	Deletee any legal notices, disclaimers, or proprietary notices such as copyright or trademark symbols, or modify any logos that you do not own or have express permission to modify; and
9.	Upload any skins or use any names on any cell that we deem to be offensive or that you are not authorised to use. 

We reserve the right to remove any material, and, if we deem appropriate, to turn over to law enforcement officials, any material that is in violation of these Terms and Conditions. We also reserve the right to remove messages, or postings that do not pertain to the designated topic or theme of the service as determined by us.
We also reserve the right to comply with any order or otherwise cooperate with law enforcement officials regarding the identification of any user alleged to be using the Site or Agar.io Game in violation of the law.  

Availability
We aim to provide a stable and reliable website. However, there may be times when the Site and/or Agar.io Game are unavailable due to maintenance of the system or technical problems. We may also suspend or permanently remove the Site and/or any Agar.io Game for any reason without needing your consent or giving prior notice.  Viruses
We do not make any warranty that the website is free from infection from viruses; nor does any provider of content to the site or their respective agents make any warranty as to the results to be obtained from use of the site. We will not be liable for any loss, damage or upset that you suffer as a consequence of using the Site and/or Agar.io Game. 
In using the Internet to access the Site, you are responsible for ensuring that your computer has suitable anti-virus software that is up to date. We will not be liable for any loss, damage, corruption of data or upset that you suffer as a consequence of receiving a virus or other malicious software through use of the Site.

Advertisements
If you click on any advert, you will be dealing with external companies responsible for that advert. We do not control the actions of these companies or the content of their websites.
Please report any advert that you find offensive or inappropriate to support@agar.io. If we find that such advertisement breaches our advertising standards, then we will take appropriate action.
We accept no responsibility for any third party advertisements that may appear on the Site and/or Agar.io Game.
We will not be liable for any loss, damage or upset which you suffer as a result of viewing or clicking on advertisements in any circumstance. Any claim for loss should be directed against the external company responsible for the advert.  

Intellectual Property Rights
All IPRs in the Site and Agar.io Game.
You may not use any of this content for any purpose or in any manner whatsoever that is not authorised by the copyright owner.
You may not:
•	use the Agario icon, the words AGARIO or AGAR, or any similar words on your website without the prior written consent of Agario;
•	use the words AGARIO, or any similar words in the domain name for your website;
•	use the layout of Agario’s website (www.agar.io) on your website; 
•	link to the Agar.io site or establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists; or
•	copy any aspect of Agar.io which includes but is not limited to the shape of the cells, the gameplay mechanics, graphics and the default colour scheme available for the cells; or
•	otherwise infringe any IPRs in the Agar.io Game and/or the Site.

All other trademarks used in this website are owned by their respective owners. You may not use any of these trademarks for any purpose or in any manner that is not authorised by its owner. If you breach any of our IPRs, your right to use the Site will cease immediately and we reserve the right to take legal action against you 

Other users
If you feel that the behaviour of another user breaches these Terms and Conditions then please let us know by sending an email to support@Agar.io. We will take reasonable steps to investigate and deal with any breach appropriately.
We will not be liable for any loss, damage or upset that you suffer as a consequence of the actions of another user. Any such claim should be directed against the user responsible. 

Limitation of Liability 
Although we attempt to ensure that all information contained on this website is error-free, we accept no liability for any omissions. 
We will not be liable for any loss, damage or upset that you suffer as a consequence of the Site, or other Agar.io Game becoming temporarily or permanently unavailable. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL AGARIO OR ITS RESPECTIVE AGENTS BE LIABLE TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE AGARIO’S AGAR.IO WEB SITE, SOFTWARE AND/OR SERVICES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
YOU AGREE TO ASSUME ALL RISK RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND AGAR.IO GAME, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE RISK OF COMMUNICATIONS WITH OTHER PEOPLE OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER.

Jurisdiction
The laws of England and Wales govern this agreement, without giving effect to conflict of laws provisions. The courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes relating to or arising from the execution or performance of this agreement unless Agario wishes to initiate legal proceedings in your home legal district. In all judicial actions, arbitrations, or disputes resolution methods, the parties waive any punitive damages.
Contact us
For any business or legal enquiries, please email: biz@agar.io or legal@agar.io. 
